                                                                      Practical-Exam

Project Description:

This is a Full Stack project developed with Grails 3.3.x and MySql Database. This project contain a registration form to create new regular type user and after getting
registered user can login with their given Unique email address and password. An Admin is created with Unique email and password with the given informations. Admin user
can see user list with user age and search a user by their first name, last name or with email address but a regular user will not be able to access the user list as 
this is restricted with Security Interceptor. Both the type of user can see their User Profile. Regular user can change their password by providing their old password 
and two times the new password for the confirmation that the given two are same and for easy use of users to confirm new password a massage will be seen on time of 
re-entering the password is that matched or did not match. If the given old is not matched it will not change to new password.Change Password is restricted only for 
Regular user use. Admin user can not access the change password. Database is created with the name "exam".Database sql file is provided with the table member details and 
with values of default admin user and some of my registered user in the directory named MySqlDatabase.The Database's dbCreate is update.So during the time of run the app
the database will be updated.To run this Grails app read the Run Instruction.

Run Instruction:

1.Run Xampp app and start MySQL.  
2.To Run the Project open on project directory and run the grails command “grails run-app”. 
3. Open on browser: localhost:8080 (when the app will run it will try to go dashboard but for authentication it will go to
login page and user need to re logged in when the secission will end).

Login Instruction:

1.Admin Login:
Email: admin@localhost.local
Password: admin

2.Regular user Login: 
Click on Register Now and then create a new regular type user in Registration form with a unique email address and required information.  Created user can logged in 
and logged out.

Tips:
To create a new Grails run the command "grails create-app app-name".


Created and Developed By:
Name: Mostafizur Rahman
Email: badhon.mostafizur@gmail.com
Mobile: 01779438972